docs: add fastify-ata as a JSON Schema validator option (#6733)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/Validation-and-Serialization.md

}, handler)
```

If you want to keep using JSON Schema but swap out the default validator,
you can plug a different JSON Schema validator into Fastify through
`setValidatorCompiler`. Community plugins that wire alternative JSON Schema

> validators are listed in the [Ecosystem](../Guides/Ecosystem.md).

Reviewer: Bit too informal for reference documentation. See the [Fastify style guide](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/blob/main/docs/Guides/Style-Guide.md#when-to-avoid-the-second-person-you-as-the-pronoun).

Author: thanks, do you this good ?: Fastify supports different JSON Schema validators via `setValidatorCompiler`. Community plugins that integrate alternative JSON Schema validators are listed on the [Ecosystem](../Guides/Ecosystem.md) page.

Reviewer: Looks much better @mertcanaltin, thanks!

Author: thanks, I edited.

> validators are listed in the [Ecosystem](../Guides/Ecosystem.md).

Author: ```suggestion
Fastify supports different JSON Schema validators via `setValidatorCompiler`. Community plugins that integrate alternative JSON Schema validators are listed on the [Ecosystem](../Guides/Ecosystem.md) page.
```
